[Manoscritto autografo] Ella è venuta in Italia per prendere diretto contatto con uno dei […] governi che Le hanno affidato a mezzo del Consiglio del NATO il posto di supremo coordinatore e organizzatore delle forze atlantiche: cintura di sicurezza con cui i popoli vogliono rafforzare, consolidare la pace ed evitare la guerra. Noi sappiamo che Ella a tale nobile missione dedicherà tutte le energie e tutte le sue grandi doti organizzative con quello sforzo di conciliazione fra esigenze militari e necessità sociali che il suo predecessore ha ritenuto indispensabile e raggiungibile. Su questa via Ella troverà la più leale e franca collaborazione del Governo italiano. Welcome, my dear General, to Italy and to your new office. The objects of your mission coincide with the ideals for which fourteen nations collaborate to ensure peace and security. That is why we heartily with you every success. [Dattiloscritto in inglese con correzioni] Address to General Ridgway Your visit to Italy mark the commencement of our collaboration, which we hope will be long and fruitful. We want to assure you that the spirit of frankness and cordiality which was always present in the course of our previous collaboration with your distinguished predecessor, will not fail in our relations with you in your capacity of Supreme Commander of Allied Force in Europe. You have flown a long way to come to Rome. But the distance is merely physical, for the task you have carried out with such wisdom and gallantry in the East and the task on which you are now setting out have one common ideal: the defence of social values, of moral positions and of common traditions that underlie every democratic liberty and every civilized community of nations. The People and Government of Italy will continue to cooperate actively and earnestly, as in the past, in tending to achieve the objectives at which we aim. These objectives are arduous but certainly not beyond the firm will of our free, peace-loving peoples. With these sentiments we tender you our warm welcome to the Eternal City and drink to your health and to the success of your noble mission and to the good fortune of the Atlantic Community. 